[Docs] Point collections info to docs.ansible.com and remove mazer (#2020)
ansible/galaxy: docs/docsite/rst/using/installing.rst

Collections
===========

> See :ref:`Installing collections <ansible:collections>` for detailed information about installing collections in Galaxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See :ref:`Installing collections <ansible:collections>` for detailed information about installing and using collections from Galaxy.
```
